- 7:45 wake
- 9:56 Rise, make bed, biologics, get coffee and yoghurt, 10x scapular pull ups
- 10:06 Sit at desk, watch ESL dota2 major
- 10:14 Start wondering about broadcasting my hackerrank programming on Twitch
- 10:17 Twitch appears to be having stability issues
- 10:20 Find out the yoghurt I was eating had the bottom of the container broken.  Hope my stomach can weed out all the bad bugs!
- 11:02 Biologics
- 11:57 Start hackerrank problems.  Commit to working until 14:00
- 12:12 Finish hackerrank in a string
- 13:08 Finish big sorting.  Sorting integers given as strings can be done faster without doing (str -> int -> str) serialization (input as string -> to int for comparison -> to string for printing).  Instead, keep an array of strings to your array ‘a’ and call ‘a.sort(key=int)’.  Likely this removes the final n passes to convert from an int back to a string, since the sort function is not writing to the array the integer values, but rather keeping the int representations in memory
- 14:00 Finish Sherlock and Array, after getting sidetracked while reading the news.  Note that calling sum() within a for loop will effectively cause an n^2 runtime, since sum() has a runtime of O(n).  A more efficient runtime is to keep a running sum, which reduces the runtime to O(n) (i.e. use a streaming algorithm).
- 16:07 Change for bike ride.  Note loss of one hour to misc. goofing off.
- 16:10 leave on bike
- 18:42 return, crank arm fell off on a descent.  Ordered a ride back.
- 21:14 Finished watching and further researching a talk on the python GIL and its’ effect on multithreaded CPU-intensive tasks and IO-intensive tasks
- 21:15 Go get water, then shower
