- 07:00 Wake to work chat.  See it’s non-urgent, go back to sleep
- 10:51: Wake
- 10:57 Rise  Mood: 4
- 10:58 Start reading the news
- 11:13 Biologics, wash face, get coffee  Mood: 6
- 11:52: Start watching Dota2 pre-patch show with Hotbid.  Much troll.
- 11:58: Clean desk
- 12:02 Open blinds; it’s foggy outside again.  This in addition to the forecasted air quality index makes me happy.  Mood: 7
- 12:04 start labeling USB cables
- 12:07 Sign up on github as open diary, begin setting up diary as github pages
- 12:11 Realize anonhckr email forwarding isn’t set up, so I add a forward to the domain.  Now I will need to wait for the servers to catch up…decide to start investigating how to set up a diary with github pages and github flavoured markdown in the meantime.
- 12:39 Now familiar enough with using github pages to serve a diary, test an anonhckr email again.  Only negative results.
- 12:41 Realize Jekyll with github pages will let me just add files to a specific directory, and it will automatically add them.  For example, I can add a file to the `_posts` directory, and then it will be part of the `site.posts` array.  Start experimenting with this.
- 13:33 Test emails still not sent…read up on possible issues.  Re-send from a different domain.  Success!  On to signing up on github.
- 14:33 I seem to have gotten the hang of most of what I want to do with gh pages and jekyll.  On to publishing!
- 14:56 Posts are published.  This task chair is dangerously comfortable; I fear it might lull me into sitting for longer stretches than I’ve done before.
- 15:01: Remember about custom domains.  Too much time spent on this so far today; it will have to get done another day.
- 15:13 More biologics, play games on phone.  Decide to go jogging and climbing today.
- 15:39 start cleaning apartment, washing dishes, cooking
- 15:42 remember to look up more bookshelves
- 16:28 Shakshuka simmering, open up living room blinds
- 16:36 sit down to start eating, first meal of the day
- 16:59 mood: 6.  I should leave the apartment soon for a walk to boost my mood, return to study, then go to the gym.
- 17:08 start watching dota tourney, wait for pan to cool so I can wash it.
- 17:29 get up to wash dishes
- 17:42 Finished washing dishes and re-seasoning pan, start getting ready to go for a walk
- 17:55 take care of biology before leaving, read news on phone
- 18:15 finally leave 
- 19:31 return.  Mood: 8. Some thoughts:
The air is cold, the sky is overcast, the air and the damp ground threatens rain.  It’s such a nice day out.  Weather these days for walking around requires a minimum of a shirt, a sweater, and a leather jacket (at least for myself).  A return to normalcy is welcomed.

As I start out, the sky is in the pale blue-grey shade of twilight that gives enough light to just make out the colours in everything, but makes the entirety of the sky one solid hue.  It creates some interesting contrasts that emphasise shapes and outlines above all else, if placed against the sky.  It’s this contrast when looking up at the trees that reminds one of just how fractal nature can be, and I think to myself I should resume some maths, even if it’s just recreational.

The park can be quite surreal in this state, especially the areas away from the main roads.  Statues are selectively lit, whilst the flora around receive only the bits of light that are reflected.  It focuses attention in a way that does not happen during the day, when the bronzed and dull-grey stone statues are cast to the background amongst all of the vibrant life.  But at night, the surrounding life sleeps, and fades into the background.  Part of me wonders what it would be like to walk around these parts after ingesting > 40mg thc with auditory inputs removed.

As I walk back, I check in again.  My mood is at an 8, although curiously enough I find myself wanting it to be a 7.  I suspect this is because today I’ve yet to accomplish as much as I wanted to.  Such a perverse relationship!  I have been tying my own mental state to my accomplishments, and then taking it to such an extreme that I want to be in a low mood in the hopes that performing more work will push it up.
- 19:48 Finish writing the above
- 19:49 Start looking up bookshelves again
- 20:29 Decide the most prudent choice at this juncture is to go to IKEA.  Go to bathroom with phone.
- 20:54 I need to leave to the gym soon, but I’m still feeling the meal from earlier.  I hope I can still jog for a bit.
- 21:19 park at the gym
- 21:25 well, I can still do one arm lock offs.  Barely.  Head upstairs to prepare for a jog 
- 22:55 leave, take the long way home.  It starts to rain.  Hard.  Mood: 9
- 23:31 park in my garage
- 23:35 Change into pyjamas, wash face, consume 10mg thc
- 23:43 Go to the kitchen to cook dinner
- 00:04 Lamb chop in sous vide with dry rub of salt, pepper, mustard seed, coriander, cinnamon.  Eat one avocado, ~10 stalks of asparagus.  Start drinking two shots of bourbon with soda water.
- 00:16 Start work
- 00:44 Submit PR, clean up tickets, notify work of progress, start watching The Major League, a dota2 major
- 00:56 Lamb is done, go to remove from sous vide and sear
- 01:05 Lamb is seared with a nice looking crust.  Prepared two more bourbon shots with soda water.
