- 10:11 wake
- 10:30 stop reading news, play games on phone
- 10:52 rise, get coffee
- 10:55 sit at desk.  Mood:6
- 11:14 Watch news
- 11:18 Wrist feels about the same/a bit better, despite climbing yesterday.  No pain in A2 L Mid finger, even after probing.
- 11:20 start researching markdown extensions that support more formatting options
- 11:25 wash face, make bed, brush teeth
- 11:30 Open all blinds, look outside.  Smoky to the north, clear to the south.  If I go on the bike or jogging, it will have to be soon.
- 11:34 Start work on interview problems with warmups on hacker rank.  My hunched back reminds me to look into other seats.
- 11:54 Take care of biologics, research available office chairs
- 12:29 resume hacker rank exercises
- 12:50 finish warmup problems on hacker rank.  Decide to go on the bike instead of jogging to test the left wrist.
- 12:52 inform work colleagues through chat that I am headed out
- 13:00 dressed to bike.  Mood:7  Decide to go straight to the presidio up Arguello, then do hill repeats.
- 13:03 water plants before I leave
- 13:11 Found a wrist brace, put it on.  Cannot find my arm warmers.
- 13:17 Still can’t find intended (black) arm warmers, but found some old red ones.  They will clash with the rest of the kit, but whatever.
- 15:24 return.  1h57m move time, 2150ft ascent, 180w avg.  Hill repeats, aimed for 2000ft ascension.  No wrist pain.  Mood: 7-8
- 15:34 After settling in, respond to some work chat.
- 15:35 Wash face, take care of biologics
- 15:43 Find out ‘openDiary’ is available on github
- 15:44 begin meditation
- 15:51 End meditation.  Mood: relaxed 8
- 16:08 Out of shower, grabbed first bit of food today (Trader Joe’s full fat strawberry greek yogurt).  Start work.
- 16:12 Start work meeting
- 17:07 Finish work meeting, resume work
- 19:18 Submit PR, leave apartment to test a task chair
- 21:21 Return with a task chair and some hair accessories
- 21:26 Begin assembling task chair.  Consume 6mg THC.
- 22:25 Finish assembling task chair.  Very satisfied, my back is now completely straight.  Begin work again.
- 00:53: Submit PR, inform chat of progress, change into pajamas
- 00:55: Consume 4mg THC, go cook dinner
