- 10:51 wake
- 11:13 rise, make bed, wash face, get coffee (blinds left open overnight)
- 11:22 Look outside, get desire to eat at local cafe, bike up hawk hill, climb for a few hours.  Note that I’m not sore from weightlifting last night.
- 11:27 Start reading the news, responding to various messages
- 11:35 Find paper linking self-control and decision making to glucose levels in the bloodstream.  Start looking up effects of a ketogenic diet on blood glucose levels.
- 11:50 Sign up for friend’s birthday party
- 12:00 Start looking at bookshelves again
- 12:33 Open hackerrank, aim to complete five problems
- 12:51 Finish super reduced string
- 12:56 Finish camelCase
- 13:51 Finish two characters
- 14:09 Finish Caesar Cipher
- 14:22 Finish mars exploration…that marks five completed problems.  More in the evening.
- 14:23 Biologics, shower, more biologics.  Something off with stomach…
- 16:02 Change for bike ride
- 16:10 water plants, open blinds, leave
- (~18:30) Return, drink water, drink beer
- 18:47 Wash face.  Decide to sous vide some lamb for dinner.
- 18:52 Meditate
- 19:10 Get up, close blinds.  Sit down and read more news.  Decide to try sous vide meat with cannabis.
- 19:25 Play games on phone
- 19:40 Shower, realise my original sous vide idea was to add butter to the bag.
- 20:00 Read more news
- 20:19 Head to kitchen to prepare sous vide while I go to the store.  Lamb, cumin, salt, pepper, garlic, half a tablespoon of butter.  Feeling unusually weak, with high magnitude.  Eat an avocado and three sardines.
- 21:01 after issues with the vacuum sealer, off to the store. Still feeling extremely weak.
- 21:57 return.  In the mood for some hard dnb instead of the usual Sasha lnoe mixes.  Go put groceries away.
- 22:10 Consume 10mg thc
- 22:39 Start eating some vegetables…onion, mushroom, shishito peppers, brussels sprouts, tomato, broccolini sauteed with salt, pepper, paprika, fenugreek seeds, coriander, mustard seeds, fennel seeds.  Also drinking some kombucha.
- 22:50 Finished with vegetables.  Adding paprika when my room is so hot was not the best idea.
- 22:57 Not hungry anymore…hopefully when the thc kicks in I’ll want to eat the lamb.  On the plus side, not feeling anywhere close to as week as I was before.  Start playing dota2
