- 8:00 wake, then drift in and out of sleep
- 10:48 wake, read news
- 11:21 rise
- 11:25 Make bed, go get coffee
- 11:38 open dota2
- 11:40 Get distracted with more news.  Look up using coconut oil on hair.
- 11:59 Resume setting up a dota2 game
- 12:57 Finish game, go to shower
- 13:51 Finish first pass of coconut oil in hair, watch twitch con
- 14:13 Start playing games on phone while waiting for hair to dry more.  Mood: 5
- 14:47 Getting frustrated with no progress on goals, go to use hair dryer
- 14:55 Finished getting dressed, adding more coconut oil to hair, opened blinds, go to kitchen to cook
- 15:49 start eating.  Onions, mushrooms, garlic, spinach, bell pepper, cumin, coriander, salt, pepper, eggs, gruyere, Kim chee 
- 16:39 Finished watching Patton Oswalt’s new special, playing games on my phone.  Create test account on leetcode to investigate mechanics…this is so I can maintain perfection on my main account.
- 17:01 Find out I’ve already got two accounts, settle on one, submit first solution successfully.
- 17:44 Successfully submit second answer.  Mood: 7.
- 17:45 Load up next problem, go take care of biologics with phone for games
- 18:25 Resume.  Current problem has a well-known algorithm in computational biology, but I can’t remember the name.
- 20:00 I need to leave soon if I’m going to the store/gym.  Learnings: Serialization/deserialization is very expensive with compute cycles.  String.Index() is even more expensive.
- 20:30 Decide the best thing for my injuries is to rest and instead go to the store.  Maybe walk around later tonight.
- 21:08 Not too happy with the quality of leetcode.  Their ‘hard’ problems seem to be easier than their ‘medium problems’, there’s not much transparency around the mechanics of the judging, and I can get asymptotically slower solutions (than what is stated to be required) to pass.  Probably going back to hacker rank after this.
- 21:10 Off to the store
