---
---
I've set up this server to document publicly what I do with my time. Why would anyone do such a thing? The answer lies within my own psychology, and as such, sets the tone for this server being highly self-centered.

I've found that if, left entirely to my own devices, I will tend to withdraw into a state of extreme privacy.
This is not a bad thing in and of itself; it just is. However, given my mental states, this turns out to be a Very Bad Thing.
When I find myself in such a state of extreme privacy, I find myself not venturing out into the world. I find myself keeping
the curtains closed. I find myself checking in on my mental health, and during these states, I am rarely above a six (out of
ten).

But I do not believe the lowered mental state is directly due to isolation. Instead, I believe it is because I am not producing,
achieving, creating anything to which I aspire. There is a certain link between extreme privacy and lack of productivity, and 
it is THAT link which I am trying to break.

I've noticed that on days when I keep the window blinds open, I tend to do more 'work', even spending time on things nowhere near
my list of aspirations (e.g. cleaning the apartment). Hence, my hypothesis is that despite my own comfort in solitude, I am
still a social creature. Not necessarily one that requires much verbal communication; indeed, too much of it will quickly tire
me out (and it is so easy to get to the 'too much of it' state). No, my hypothesis that I am still a social creature lies more
within the public/private spectrum of life. Just as I tend to be more productive with the curtains opened, I tend to work harder
in a library with students, and I tend to sprint faster going by any large group of people watching a 400m race.

The biggest realization to come of all of this is that my default state is to go into extreme privacy. Extreme privacy leads me
to become massively unproducive. Being unproductive leads to a poor state of mind. Or, to apply transitivity in the name of
brevity, my default state leads me to a poor state of mind; my default state is a toxic state for the self. Hence, I need to 
habitualize mechanisms that steer me away from my default state.

This posting is the first of what I hope to be many wherein I endeavour to expose more of myself to the public side of life, even
if nobody actually reads it. For the simple act of writing down one's thoughts and tossing the scrap of paper into the wind is
enough of a psychological switch for me that I am hoping it will propell my days into more productive days.


The summary of today is as follows:

- Wake around 9, read news in bed
- Hear chat notifications and ignore
- Attend to morning biological needs
- Get coffee
- Spend about 20 minutes playing games on my phone
- Respond to chat notifications
- Start researching solutions to proposed chat questions
- More responses to more incoming chat notifications
- Ignore further work related to said chat
- Switch into anticipating upcoming interviews
- Start with new account on leetcode
- Get frustrated that leetcode never mentions how the testing mechanism works. It's implied that one needs to keep the same
classes that they define, and that output to stdout is simply ignored, but it doesn't actually say this anywhere. A few searches
do not help.
- Complete about five to ten of the warmup exercises on hackerrank
- Watch the news
- 13:41 Notify chat that I am going for a walk, back in a few hours
- Spend about 20 minutes playing games on my phone
- Get ready to go out for a walk
- Hear neighbors talking. I don't want to talk with them; wait 20 more minutes for them to finish while playing on my phone.
- Get shoes on, start wondering where I'm going to go.
- Look up various nearby places on a map
- Finally decide that the place doesn't matter, but I should choose a topic to think on
- After about a minute, I decide to think on the public/private dichotomy that revealed itself yesterday with the closed blinds
(the day before yesterday I had the blinds open)
- Go out for a walk and perform further introspection, along with a plan for mechanisms to avoid these low mental states
- Return home, open the windows
- Start coding this server
- 16:36 :: Notify chat that I am back
- Finish coding first version of this server
- Set up host server and deploy
- prepare dinner, hear trump said “he knew what he signed up for” to a grieving widow.  What in the actual fuck?
- Sit on toilet, play games on phone 
- 20:03 leave to climb.  Mood:6
- 20:24 park
- 22:11 leave to home mood:7.  Notice it’s foggy out, which means the air quality will be higher tomorrow.  Mood:8
- 22:27 park
- 22:34 eat 10mg thc, Wash Face
- 23:10 start eating dinner, play games on phone, watch adult swim
